I had done this for my health I had gone
vegan for my health but I was starting
to create a new narrative in my mind
that I was doing this for the animals
and you know why that's because every
other person it feels like is doing it
for the animals and I don't know why
what did I never do it for the animals I
don't know I just didn't like I just
never like I have completely switched
because I need to be me I cannot be a
human for other people but what I did
have happen was a spiritual kind of
moment I traveled to Malibu and I had a
meditation where I will give you the
short version here okay I traveled there
and I asked myself I asked the universe
to show me what is this what is this
like show me how this works what is this
the world show me why am I here I got a
boob job somewhere along the way that
made me feel really sick had to revive
him because they were like massive and
then I had to get like an another boob
job and it was like a lot of money and a
lot of stress and a lot of whatever but
I also felt really sick so I was going
through like a breast implant illness
situation being vegan and overall
feeling like now this isn't because
veganism makes you unhealthy it
literally is probably the probably the
best diet probably in theory there was a
lot of tension a lot of physical tension
in my body as a result of me judging
myself and others and I started to
explore why that was and I realized that
my diet was literally making me think
that people were either good or bad and
that was killing me I started to look at
veganism as the correct thing to do it's
healthy it's amazing for the animals
it's kind why aren't you doing it and I
started to look at people as though they
were wrong for not seeing what I saw
now whether veganism is the right diet
or not go off in the comments but what
is really not okay for us as people is
to be judging each other with that
amount of conviction you know you're
either good or bad and if you're not
doing this this this like that is a cult
mentality that is not good password I'm
eating meat I'm eating my meat and my
potatoes and I'm happy
you
then a tan tan tan
[Music]